General Update (#17)
LemurianAdventureGuild/wiki: archives/Nation States/Carmel_Empire.md

---
sidebar_position: 3
---

# Holy Carmel Empire

## History
The Holy Carmel Empire once controlled much of the continent thanks to their superior magical strength. 
According to the legends, the emperor was actually a god in mortal form. 

> When one emperor died, his or her power would pass to another within the family who would become the next emperor. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When one emperor died, their power would pass to another within the family who would become the next emperor. 
```

At least, that's what is claimed by the various murals and obelisks found intact in the ancient temples.

Following the death of the Holy Carmel Empire's leader, Emperor Hresvelg and the purging of the imperial family, the ruling oligarchs were quick to prop up the Hershey family, long considered a branch of the imperial family. 

> hough Augustus Hershey had the backing of the government, it was clear that he lacked the magical might of Hresvelg. Without this magic, the empire slowly crumbled both from within and without.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Though Augustus Hershey had the backing of the government, it was clear that he lacked the magical might of Hresvelg. Without this magic, the empire slowly crumbled both from within and without.
```

No such artifact has ever been found, though one scholar (a certain [Carolina Tomes](../../npcs/carolina_jones) no less) cheekily notes that it is possible that such an artifact has been found, but it appears as a normal object to those that have examined it as their blood is not divine.

## Carmel Magic
The Carmel empire was known for their golem magic in ancient times. 
Carmel tombs are often protected by golems animated with complex runiforms. 

> The runiforms of the ancient Carmel empire were used to animate the golems, imbuing them with magic so they can stand guard wherever they are placed. 
> The spell itself is quite advanced, and clearly it has withstood the test of time. 
> What's most interesting is the source of power. 
> Most enchanted objects like this require some kind of magical focus to help the spell draw in and use magic from the environment, usually a gemstone of some kind. 
> In this case, the runes are arranged around the symbol of the Holy Carmel Empire, and the runes state something that seems to translate to "By the Eternal Strength of the Imperial Family" as the source of magic. 
> > Librarian Jerimiah

> ## metadata
> Last Update: 8/26/23

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Git commit will show last edit time.
